Peer Review by Aaron Rock:

1. What did you like about this website?

    I like how oranized your webiste is from your code structure to the style it portrays on screen. You webiste
    did a tremendous job at being responsive to moving the window. You had no bleeding text or images. 
    I thought the idea of your website was also exactly what the spec wanted. I think your inforamtion was well 
    placed there was nothing on your website that I felt like should have been somewhere else in your site and
    the context was very clear to the user.

2. Describe one significant difference between your own P1 site and this person's. E.g.

    I think the biggest difference between or sites is the use of CSS and just styling. I implemented more
     flexboxes and  images for the user to view and see what kind of experience they would have cycling. 
     Not saying it is better but at first glance that was the biggedt difference. I also feel a 
     difference we have is the headers. I opted to keep the same header 
     image for all links but I really liked the different look of your headers.

    1. Which has a better user experience (and why)?

        I feel that probably yours does from the point of the responsivness of the window resizing with your website 
        is very sharp. One thing I did notice was when I inspected and changed your site to mobile
        the text went pretty close to the edge, but still readable. Unlike mine where it looks great on a large 
        screen and iphone screen but  the in between can become a little icky.

    2. Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?

        I think your would be easier to keep up with just on the bases of updating the schedule I have on my site 
        will be tricky because I will have to go in each month and list the schedule for that month.

3. Is the code well-structured within files, and well-organized between files and directories?  

    Absolutely, the code that you structured is very easy to look through. Each html and css file is easy to navigate 
    and imagine if you needed to fix somwthing in your code it would be fast and easy to find where the issue 
    would arise.

    1. if not, suggest some specific improvements

        The only thing I saw that is more code structure based is just having your code not exceeding the screens
        column max for your files.

4. Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.

    I am a little confused with the animation. I think there is suppose to be an image but nothing showed.

    1. were semantically appropriate elements selected

        Yes, although you really never named your elements, which I don't think you had to, but there
        was never specific classes or id's selected just by the element.

    2. is the CSS refactored to limit duplication?

        Your CSS code does a great job of reusing code for multiple files.

5. Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

    I do not. I really liked your website and the inforamtion you presented. Great job!